Some minor changes in README.md, English version added (#5)
approvers/is_odd_api: README_EN.md

<div style="text-align: center;">

[![logo](https://imgur.com/SzMNZFl.png)](https://isoddapi.studio.site/)

</div>

[Japanese](./README.md) ｜ [English](./README_EN.md)

> This API can determine even and odd numbers of Arabic numerals, double-byte Arabic numerals, Roman numerals, and Chinese numerals up to 1,000,000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API can determine even and odd numbers of Arabic numerals, full-width Arabic numerals, Roman numerals, and Chinese numerals up to 1,000,000.
```
「全角」の訳なら full-width が妥当かと.

[Check the site for details.](https://isoddapi.studio.site/)

## Use

`https://isodd.api.kawaemon.dev/api/isodd`

Check the site for details.

> ## 試す

Author: Oh, なんてことだここあとでやります

> ## 試す

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Try
```
英語になってないです.
